Update README.md (#867)
metaplex-foundation/metaplex: README.md

Metaplex is comprised of two core components: an on-chain program, and a self-hosted front-end web3 application.

## Important NOTE

> Metaplex now follows a release versioning process called semantic versioning. If you are make a new market place, launching a candy machine or any live project that will handle real money we reccomend using a release tag. Using a release tag will ensure that new changes dont break your UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metaplex now follows a release versioning process called semantic versioning. If you are make a new market place, launching a candy machine or any live project that will handle real money, we recommend using a release tag. Using a release tag will ensure that new changes don't break your UI.
```
